[router] rework unstable_settings.initialRouteName to unstable_settings.anchor (#28644)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/router-settings.mdx

};
```

> The `initialRouteName` is only used when deep-linking to a route. During app navigation, the route you are navigating to will be the initial route. You can disable this behavior using the `initial` prop on the `<Link />` component or by passing the option to the imperative APIs.

Reviewer: Should add a notice about this in the migration doc for React Navigation.

> The `initialRouteName` is typically only used when deep-linking to a route. During app navigation, the route you are navigating to will be the initial route. You can disable this behavior via the `initial` prop on the `<Link />` component or by passing the option to the imperative APIs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `initialRouteName` is only used when deep-linking to a route. During app navigation, the route you are navigating to will be the initial route. You can disable this behavior using the `initial` prop on the `<Link />` component or by passing the option to the imperative APIs.
```
